Move functionality to external libraries (#1943)
CommunitySolidServer/CommunitySolidServer: documentation/markdown/architecture/core.md

For example, if the input data claims to be JSON-LD but is actually not.

The power of using this interface really shines when using certain utility classes.
The one we use the most is the `StatusWaterfallHandler`,
which takes as input a list of handlers of the same type.
The input and output of a `StatusWaterfallHandler` is the same as those of its inputs,

> meaning it can be used in the same places.

Reviewer: This doesn't quite make sense. Maybe the first line is meant to say —
```
The outputs of a `StatusWaterfallHandler` are the same as those of its inputs,
```
The second line doesn't make sense at all, because it's suggesting that —
```
a `StatusWaterfallHandler` can be used in the same places as a `StatusWaterfallHandler`
```

Author: @TallTed would this be clearer?

> A `StatusWaterfallHandler` will conform to the same interface as its input handlers,
> meaning it can be used in the same places.

Reviewer: @joachimvh — Maybe this?
```suggestion
The output(s) of a `StatusWaterfallHandler` will conform to the same interface(s)
as its input handler(s), meaning it can be used in the same places.
```
